Thus spoke Jean Paul Sartre.
"Life is C between B and D"
In this time, I'm going to tell you what this really mean and what he want to say from this saying.
Jean Paul Sartre is French philosopher and writer. And he explored in existentialism.
Existentialism is one part of philosophy that studies existence and so wants to show how should a being live like.

You might say "Okay okay, but what I want to know is meaning of Sartre's sentence".
Yes, let's figure out.
Life is.. C..! , between B.., and D...!
C means choice, B means birth and D means death!
So, He is saying that life is choice between birth and death.
But this is not a simple sentence that just looks like.

Let's take a look "birth" at first.
Is there anyone who wanted to exist and so exist?
No... Just human being be existed.
We are thrown to this world. Without our willness to do so.
Death? is same. We are all mortal. Until now, there is no one who didn't, doesn't or won't die.

And, lastly, let's see choice.
We do choose. In every piece of time.
Every morning, we choose if we get up or not, and whether or not we go to school.
Every piece of time, we choose if we live or die in this absurd world.
And, from our every choices do we define nature of us, essence of us, meaning of our life.

We do choose meaning and purpose of our life.
This is important point.
Take a look at this pencil and me.
In common of both me and pencil, we are not born by our willness.
The pencil ,however, has its purpose that it should help someone to write something.
Requiring it to help writing, someone invent it.
And so exist.
In contrary, I do choose, make what I should live like and make my own essence of me.
No one requires me to be what and none of all says that I should live in my given purpose,
because I don't have given purpose thing.
This is the point where the saying "Existence precedes essence" is made.
And this is the difference and this is the reason Sartre emphasized choice of human being.
By choosing, we throw ourselves to the world again. But in this time, we are thrown by ourselves.

Then, now, do you think you know about what I'm talking about?
I want you to notice your choiceble life, and make your wonderful life.
Do choose and Do exist.
Thank you very much.